[Music]
yeah what's up boys welcome back to
another video so in today's video I'm
going to be showing you guys how to get
yourself some free skins doing nothing
all you need to do for this is to leave
your computer on if you like to not
leave your computer on well this method
won't be for you but for those of you
who leave your computer on 24/7 like me
because I'm a retard then this is the
video for you so we're on skin Cybercom
if you haven't heard about this site
already I don't know what you're doing
with your life it's basically a site
where you will answer questionnaires you
will watch videos and a bunch of other
stuff to get points and those points can
be used to get skins so forget about the
surveys and all that stuff all you need
to worry about is the ascend media tabs
this is my method it's pretty simple all
you do is click on one of the videos
whatever type of videos you want to
watch not that you're going to watch
them so it doesn't matter that you want
to click on them and then it'll open you
on to the engage me link and it'll start
playing these trailers ads whatever as
you can see here it says video one of
three so when three of the videos are
finished you'll get six points I did a
bit of math and it takes around five
minutes to watch three videos roughly
that's not exact but roughly five
minutes so that means you can pretty
much make in an hour you can make about
10 cents so that means you can make
about a dollar every 10 hours so that's
pretty good that means you can make in
24 hours about two dollars eighty ish so
I mean total if you left it on all week
you could make around sixteen dollars
and just from doing nothing so for this
to work all you have to do is open it as
I said before and you can just move it
on to your second monitor or minimize it
or whatever and just let the videos play
while you play your other games on Steam
or whatever and that's how you get some
free coins and then you can buy some
skins so then we head over to the shop
we can go to achieve the cheap items
let's go to page 35 and then you've got
here just some cheap skins you can buy
I'm going to save up my money I don't
would draw anything yet but yeah that's
how you can get some free skins for all
those people who just comment on videos
begging for skins don't do that just do
this it's the easiest method I can think
of and find and yeah if you guys enjoyed
the video make sure you leave a like if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure you subscribe and leave a
comment tell me what you throw the video
anyway I've been nugget and I am out
peace